Hahahahaha, sure enough, God is helping me.
I said why this Xu Tao
So powerful for no reason
It turned out to be because of this system
You can't beat me anymore
I have just transferred the money to the company account.
All the wages that should be paid have been paid to me.
All the projects that should be operated will be operated by me.
If I quit, I'm going to ruin their family
Prevent Xuetao from completing the next task
This cafe is really nice.
I didn't expect you, a straight guy, to find a place
These are all picked by Secretary Li
Secretary Li is working overtime tonight and I'm here to buy a cup of coffee
I didn't expect to meet you here.
What a coincidence!
Secretary Li is definitely the hardest working in the company
Remember to give him extra money.
Then I thank the lady boss
Take the company public within a month
Reward one hour of invisibility per day
Once a task is overdue
Not only can't get rewards
All previous rewards will also be withdrawn.
And a countdown to life.
Li Xiaoyue
Lin Mengqi and Xu Tao should be very happy, right?
I think you should be like me
I wish I could tear this happiness apart
I didn't think about it. Huh?
Contact me when you want.